re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/clay/tax/TPBROW 2009.pdf
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/asmt.xlsx
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/clay/tax/TPBROW.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/clay/tax/rptcertificatelist.pdf
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/clay/tax/rptcertificatelist1.csv
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/clay/tax/rptcertificatelist2.csv
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/Alachua County - ViewPurchase Certificates.xlsx
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/DesotoCountyCertificates (2).xlsx
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/Escambia County - ViewPurchase Certificates.xlsx
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/FLAGLER COUNTY DRLIQ LIST.pdf
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/FranklinCountyBudget.xls
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/LEON COUNTY TX LIST 1.zip
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/MARION COUNTY.zip
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/Monroe County - ViewPurchase Certificates.xlsx
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/Osceola County - ViewPurchase Certificates (1).xlsx
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/Palm Beach Co. Delinq. Tax List
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/Pinellas Co deliq tax list
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/Santa Rosa Co tax list
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/brevard co. deliq tax list.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/broward co. unpaid tax list.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/charlotte co unpaid tax list.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/collier co unpaid tax list.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/hernando county deliq tax list.TXT
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/indian river county deliq taxes.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/lee county 2.zip
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/lee county delinq tax 1.exe
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/martin county deliq tax zip file.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/nassau county tx list.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/okaloosa delinq tax list.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/orange county delinq tx list.csv
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/sarasota tax list.zip
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/st lucie deliq taxes.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/sumter co tax list.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/taylor deliq tax list 1.pdf
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/taylor deliq tax list 2.pdf
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/efisher/walton co tax list.txt
re-deep-dive/home/user=skudrow/stage=dropbox/tabula-FLAGLER COUNTY DRLIQ LIST.csv
